19:34:00 < Laney> #startmeeting
19:34:40 < MootBot> Meeting started at 13:34. The chair is Laney.
19:34:40 < MootBot> Commands Available: [TOPIC], [IDEA], [ACTION], [AGREED], [LINK], [VOTE]
19:34:42 < Daviey> Laney: the bot isn't here, we'll do without
19:34:45 < Laney> NO I'MNOT
19:34:46 < brobostigon> present
19:34:49 < webpigeon> present
19:34:53 < MooDoo> PRESENT
19:34:53 < popey> present
19:34:54 < popey> haha
19:34:55 < ProfFalken> PRESENT
19:34:55 < Daviey> gah, i was sureit was "%"
19:34:56 < slarty> present
19:34:58 < DJones> PRESENT
19:34:58 < ProfFalken> lol
19:34:59 < Ging> PRESENT
19:35:00 < Daviey> present
19:35:00 < daubers> present
19:35:02 < Laney> PRESENT
19:35:03 < gLAsgowMonkey> PRESENT
19:35:03 < andy101> present
19:35:03 < linux1> present
19:35:05 < aos101> PRESENT
19:35:09 < WastePotato> Present
19:35:12 < technolalia> present
19:35:27 < Laney> oh ffs
19:35:33 < Daviey> Okay, thanks everyone for attending
19:35:33 < WastePotato> xD
19:35:39 < brobostigon> :)
19:35:39 < Daviey> This is our first meeting of 2009
19:35:45 -!- hellocatfood [n=Antonio@92-232-157-37.cable.ubr06.harb.blueyonder.co.uk] has joined #ubuntu-uk
19:35:47 < Daviey> and my first meeting as Leader / PoC
19:36:01 < brobostigon> yay Daviey , good luck as leader
19:36:11 < Daviey> This meeting has a rather light agenda, but i would like us to try and help make direction
19:36:23 < Daviey> For the forthcomming year, agenda point #1
19:36:38 < popey> # Plans for the year
19:36:41 < Daviey> Laney: can you [TOPIC] Direction for 2009
19:36:44 -!- Pierz [n=piers@78-86-165-113.zone2.bethere.co.uk] has quit [Remote closed the connection]
19:36:47 < Laney> [TOPIC] Direction for 2009
19:36:48 < MootBot> New Topic:  Direction for 2009
19:37:19 < Daviey> Firstly, we have a great attendance at this meeting - that to me is an indication of the Loco getting larger
19:37:24 < Daviey> which is brilliant news.
19:37:43 < Daviey> I would like us to discuss what "can" we do this year?
19:37:59 < Daviey> The first idea i would like to throw out in the pool, is "video"
19:38:11 < Daviey> The linux foundation compo, and such
19:38:18 < Daviey> Does anyone have any views on this?
19:38:23 < popey> yes
19:38:23 < brobostigon> i had the idea, that as i meet alot of engineers in my local, we coul start adverstising in those kinds of places aswell
19:38:38 < Daviey> popey: shoot
19:38:50 < brobostigon> forget what i said
19:38:53 < popey> there are multiple options for creating videos at the moment.. the linux foundation is one..
19:38:59 -!- Pierz [n=piers@78-86-165-113.zone2.bethere.co.uk] has joined #ubuntu-uk
19:39:03 < popey> the example content replacement is another
19:39:13 < popey> and there is a strategy on the marketing mailing list brewing
19:39:24 < popey> so there are lots of potential areas where "we" could focus
19:39:25 < brobostigon> i would support an alternative method of delivery than flash
19:39:26 < popey> my question is..
19:39:29 < Daviey> (http://video.linuxfoundation.org/category/video-category/-linux-foundation-video-contest)
19:39:46 -!- hellocatfood [n=Antonio@92-232-157-37.cable.ubr06.harb.blueyonder.co.uk] has left #ubuntu-uk []
19:39:48 < Laney> [link] http://video.linuxfoundation.org/category/video-category/-linux-foundation-video-contest
19:39:48 < popey> should "we" do this, or should individuals, and if "we" do it, which should we focus on?
19:39:49 < MootBot> LINK received:  http://video.linuxfoundation.org/category/video-category/-linux-foundation-video-contest
19:40:02 < Daviey> (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFreeCultureShowcase)
19:40:19 < popey> yeah, the free culture showcase is a great idea, great way to get a nice video on the ubuntu cd..
19:40:23 < popey> if the person wins :)
19:40:26 < Laney> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFreeCultureShowcase
19:40:27 < MootBot> LINK received:  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFreeCultureShowcase
19:40:41 < Daviey> I'm certainly a fan of a Loco team effort for the Linux foundation
19:41:07 < popey> unfortunately many of these video things don't happen by committee
19:41:11 < Daviey> aye
19:41:12 < MooDoo> Daviey: the only problem i forsee is peoples location.
19:41:13 < popey> but it needs an individual to drive it
19:41:21 < brobostigon> what does the linux foundation do?
19:41:29 < popey> MooDoo: if it's planned well i suspect a 30 second video could be recorded in a weekend
19:41:29 < Daviey> I was about to say that, i'm not a video editing expert and would welcome someone to lead it that is
19:41:35 < gLAsgowMonkey> I don't think this will work as a group
19:41:40 < popey> brobostigon: promotes linux
19:41:41 < Daviey> brobostigon: good question
19:42:02 < popey> it would be a linux video - not an ubuntu video - for the linux foundation however
19:42:11 < brobostigon> popey: thats a good aim, but also a difficult one
19:42:21 < popey> whereas there are two opportunities for ubuntu specific videos.. the marketing team one, and the free software showcase one
19:42:24 < Daviey> MooDoo: if LoCo members submit a snip to go to the "editor", location is irreleavnt
19:42:34 < popey> brobostigon: not our problem, that's what they do
19:42:40 < brobostigon> ok popey
19:42:42 < MooDoo> Daviey: ah clever
19:43:03 < popey> i have had a few video ideas that need storyboarding
19:43:18 < Daviey> So, can we have a quick vote on a LoCo team effort - or individual?
19:43:21 < popey> (nothing to do with microsoft or apple campaigns by the way)
19:43:30 < popey> Daviey: i would say we throw it to the list
19:43:31 < Daviey> Then discuss which ones, or both we should enter
19:43:33 < popey> get people talking about it
19:43:48 < Daviey> sounds wise, but we need to get a move on tho
19:43:53 < MooDoo> +1 for a compilation of individual efforts...
19:43:55 < popey> or.. if people are interested in the marketing team one, point them to the marketing team mailing list?
19:43:58 < popey> rather than splinter
19:44:06 < Laney> Right, vote time
19:44:20 < popey> i dont think it is
19:44:25 < Daviey> hmm, splinter - i would like to see a ubuntu-uk effort to submit to the marketting team
19:44:50 < popey> have you seen the "whyubuntu.com" thread?
19:44:58 < popey> they want LOTS of individual submissions
19:45:06 < Daviey> yeah, not read all entries - but i do fear that might end with not much :S
19:45:07 < popey> we could organise ourselves and get the whole loco to make a lot of them?
19:45:07 < andy101> popey: which list was that on?
19:45:21 < popey> andy101: ubuntu-marketing
19:45:23 < Daviey> marketing
19:45:24 < popey> !marketing
19:45:24 < ubot5> Factoid 'marketing' not found
19:45:27 < popey> bah
19:45:38 < MooDoo> any one remember the small vids people made?  "hi my name is xxxx and i pronouce ubuntu - UBUNTU"?
19:45:42 -!- imexil [n=dietmarw@g230227215.adsl.alicedsl.de] has quit [Connection timed out]
19:45:50 < popey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-marketing/2008-December/thread.html
19:45:51 < Daviey> yeah
19:45:57 < popey> yeah, its like that MooDoo
19:46:15 < popey> but they want "My name is foo and I do X with Ubuntu" or "My name is foo and I am Ubuntu"
19:46:23 < popey> the whole I am Ubuntu is a bit ropey IMO
19:46:27 < Daviey> okay, will kick a thread off on the LoCo list
19:46:43 < MooDoo> sounds to much like the I'm a pc and i don't wear a shirt vids :)
19:46:57 < popey> exactly MooDoo
19:47:08 < Daviey> i would further propose that we have an extra ordianry meeting in say 1.5 weeks away to realy get cracking on the video stuff.
19:47:18 < popey> yeah, a follow up to the list
19:47:30 < popey> The Alans are working on something too
19:47:33 < popey> "Don't Tell Bill"
19:47:39 < Daviey> you damn Alan's
19:47:42 < popey> might be worth talking to them too
19:47:53 < Daviey> AlanBell1: oi
19:48:01 < popey> TheOpenSourcerer: poke
19:48:38 < Daviey> ah well, we'll get this moving on the list and have a dedicated meeting to direction of this in a week or 2.
19:48:46 < MooDoo> :)
19:48:54 < Daviey> Anyone else have anything to add to this part?
19:49:04 < vixey> hi
19:49:08 < sheepeatingtaz> Can I add a belated PRESENT?
19:49:15 < Laney> is it for me?
19:49:22  * Laney shakes the box
19:49:27 < Daviey> heh
19:49:29 < sheepeatingtaz> Laney: please
19:49:33 < sheepeatingtaz> :)
19:49:44 < popey> so thats one thing for the year ahead.. what else can we do?
19:49:49 < Daviey> Okay, other things I have been thinking about for 2009.
19:49:55 < MooDoo> what about expos?  lrl09?
19:50:04 < Daviey> Camping + BBQ and hackfest in a field.
19:50:14 < Daviey> support?
19:50:24 < brobostigon> Daviey: interesting idea.
19:50:30 < Daviey> schwuk and I are certainly on board. :)
19:50:42 < Daviey> excite anybody else?
19:50:45 < franki^> will there be intarwebs? :)
19:50:47 < gord> pfft, theres no wifi in a field
19:50:47 < Ging> yes
19:50:47 < popey> yeah, I'd be up for that
19:50:48 < daubers> +1
19:50:52 < Ging> will there be girls?
19:50:54 < Daviey> gord: 3g :)
19:50:54 < brobostigon> Daviey: it depends on where it is going to be for me, but i spupport said idea.
19:50:56 < popey> pubs have wifi
19:51:11 < gord> if there were wifi in fields, cows would never get any work done
19:51:18 < franki^> :D
19:51:20 < WastePotato> o_O
19:51:23 < kalessin1> cows work?
19:51:28 < popey> too busy looking at hotudders.com
19:51:30 < Daviey> gord: one reason i suggested camping, it's easy for multiple smeely geeks to be one location, rather than hotels etc
19:51:32 < MooDoo> any local beer festivals?
19:51:38 < andy101> that's why we don't give cows laptops
19:52:02 < popey> the problem with beer festivals is that it becomes a social-only thing really
19:52:07 < popey> not a hackfest
19:52:07 < brobostigon> MooDoo: banury beer festival
19:52:18 < brobostigon> banbury*
19:52:31 < popey> and it excludes those who dont drink or cant drink
19:52:33 < popey> camping doesnt
19:52:33 -!- tuxxy__ [n=tux@unaffiliated/tuxxy/x-678465] has quit ["WeeChat 0.2.6"]
19:52:39 < Daviey> Well it can be either, for me, it's just nice to have a real life meeting weekend - and hackfest seems constructive
19:52:47 < Daviey> but there should be a decent supply of beer :)
19:52:47 < brobostigon> true popey , so totally unfair on that front
19:52:54 < popey> not totally brobostigon
19:52:56 < andy101> what's a "hackfest" btw?
19:53:08 < popey> andy101: people sit around with computers and do "stuff"
19:53:14 < Daviey> andy101: bug work, fixing , reporting
19:53:19 < Daviey> packaging, and lessons
19:53:19 < andy101> thanks
19:53:33 -!- Netsplit kornbluth.freenode.net <-> irc.freenode.net quits: tom_, popey, cs278|laptop, SlimeyPete, cs278, slarty, kalessin1, swat___, 
          technolalia, vixey,  (+55 more, use /NETSPLIT to show all of them)
19:53:33 < MooDoo> tutorials would be a good one.
19:53:54 < gord> first time we get anything done here and we netsplit...
19:53:55 < webpigeon> netsplit in the meeting :(
19:54:02 < franki^> heh :|
19:54:02 < MooDoo> *sigh*
19:54:16 < WastePotato> Dammit.
19:54:18 < WastePotato> Let's wait.
19:54:28 < brobostigon> Daviey: i am going to suggest, i wil find somewhere near me, so if this does go forward,i will find a place.
19:54:28 < gord> we are supposed to point and laugh
19:54:29 < MooDoo> can't do anything else :)
19:54:36 < webpigeon> i've never seen the channel so empty :P
19:54:41 < MooDoo> brobostigon: but where are you?
19:55:04 < gord> y'know where is a great place to camp? the creepy moors where all those teenagers got murdered
19:55:08 -!- Netsplit over, joins: bjwebb, Moniker42, pvelkovski, Hornet, livingdaylight, spiderz, Daviey, Ging, jpds, chalcedony (+55 more)
19:55:08 < brobostigon> MooDoo: south midlands
19:55:16 < webpigeon> hazar!
19:55:25 < franki^> hmm, ubuntu-related tutorials in a field sounds great to me :)
19:55:30 < brobostigon> north oxfordshire
19:55:30 < MooDoo> :)
19:55:31 < Ging> how do you know we're not the splitting slackers?
19:55:31 < popey> i suspect power would be more of an issue than connectivity
19:55:31 < daubers> Someone must have a generator
19:55:32 -!- pvelkovski [n=pvelkovs@77.28.56.99] has quit [Connection timed out]
19:55:32 < Daviey> Okay, this is obviously in the early stages of thought
19:55:34 < Daviey> but i was thinking, Summer(ry) and a 'fair' location
19:55:34  * popey returns
19:55:34 < Ging> maybe you could make it happen at a lan party
19:55:34 < Daviey> so not in the Sunny south :(
19:55:35 < popey> daubers: we could hire one :)
19:55:35 < andy101> the south is NOT sunny!
19:55:35 < DJones> A lot of caravan/camp sites have electric points some also have wifi access
19:55:55 < andy101> somewhere with decent transport links (motorways, trains etc.)
19:55:58 -!- ashley_ [n=ashley@host81-132-99-235.range81-132.btcentralplus.com] has joined #ubuntu-uk
19:55:59 < gord> anywhere more north than london is nice for me, my heart always sighs when people get together in london, just a tad too far/spensive to 
                 get to
19:56:00 < Daviey> Yeah, we'll hammer location out further in the future
19:56:03 < popey> lets not get bogged down in the location argument
19:56:08 < Daviey> I more wanted to gauge excitment about it
19:56:14 < popey> it never ends and never keeps everyone happy
19:56:22  * MooDoo shows his excitement :)
19:56:23 < daubers> Could always do lightning talks in a field kinda thing
19:56:29 < Daviey> exactly!
19:56:33 < popey> yeah
19:56:37 < Daviey> Okay, shall we move on?
19:56:40 < sheepeatingtaz> I think it's a great idea, but won't be going. Maybe make it an annual thing?
19:56:44 < daubers> "I'm a cow and I use Ubuntu"
19:56:49 < popey> Daviey: is that another mailing list thread? :)
19:56:54 < kalessin1> daubers: oh, dear
19:56:59 < brobostigon> Daviey: ok great idea, i support it, but locatin is sensitive for me,
19:57:04 < technolalia> Surely cows use moobuntu?
19:57:04 < gord> dress a scarecrow up like mark shuttleworth
19:57:06 < Daviey> popey: i guess :(
19:57:08 -!- james_w [n=james_w@jameswestby.net] has joined #ubuntu-uk
19:57:10 < Daviey> gord: hah
19:57:15 < Daviey> james_w: better late than never
19:57:19  * ProfFalken is up for that, re-wifi  in a field: psand.net have a large truck powered by a few bicycles that we could probably get hold of (see 
          www.bristolwireless.net and search for big-green gathering...)
19:57:20 < james_w> hello everyone
19:57:37 < Daviey> okay, shall we move on?
19:57:40 < MooDoo> aye
19:57:49 < Daviey> Did anyone else have any ideas for 2009?
19:57:49 < technolalia> is this the moment to mention the bug jam?
19:57:56 < popey> technolalia: its on the agenda
19:58:15 < ProfFalken> Daviey: SoftwareFreedomDay or similar?
19:58:25 < webpigeon> Is it just me or si the wiki page a bit outdated?
19:58:40 < webpigeon> s/si/is
19:58:40 < popey> we already do something for software freedom day
19:58:40 < popey> webpigeon: which wiki page?
19:58:40 < Daviey> ProfFalken: ah, that one is always troublesome for a LoCo - being our stretched outness (sp?)
19:58:44 < gord> feel free to fix it up webpigeon, its a wiki
19:58:45 < webpigeon> popey, ubuntu-uk
19:59:00 < Daviey> personally, id like to see people helping a LUG Software Freedom Day
19:59:00 < popey> webpigeon: it _is_ a wiki! :)
19:59:03 < webpigeon> i never know what to put on it, hence why i dont :)
19:59:07 < Daviey> perhaps i'm being shortsighted?
19:59:10 < ProfFalken> Daviey: fiar enough, however it Ubuntu-UK teamed up with regional LUGs...
19:59:11 < popey> Daviey: we have done something for the last two years!
19:59:19 < Daviey> popey: as a LoCo?
19:59:22 < popey> yes
19:59:34 < Daviey> I thought that was more HantsLUG? :)
19:59:39 < ProfFalken> lol
19:59:44 < popey> bracknell isnt in hants :p
19:59:56 < Daviey> heh
19:59:58 < popey> Alan Cocks does it on behalf of Ubuntu UK LoCo
20:00:20 < popey> we certainly promote it around the lugs in the area
20:00:25  * Daviey did not know this.  But in any sense i wouldn't exactly call Bracknell a national effort :)
20:00:31 < MooDoo> ooo t-shirts, stickers [sorry got carried away]
20:00:37 < popey> but he's the only person (I'm aware of) within the LoCo who did anything
20:00:46 < popey> Daviey: feel free to volunteer to do something next year then
20:00:53 < popey> he's the only person who got off his arse and did something
20:01:12 < Daviey> well this is what i'm saying, is it something the LoCo should be doing, or supporting the LoCo members to help do a LUG one?
20:01:15 -!- `Chris [n=chris@host86-162-46-233.range86-162.btcentralplus.com] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:01:26 < popey> I guess both are appropriate.
20:01:36 < popey> other locos do it
20:01:41 < `Chris> PRESENT - Or am I too late?
20:01:43 < popey> and other lugs do it
20:01:45 < sheepeatingtaz> I for one would feel more inclined to help a loco one
20:01:57 < Ging> `Chris, i thought you were boycotting
20:02:13  * ProfFalken would look to ubuntu-uk for literature etc to support a regional effort (a number of LUGs/other interested parties)
20:02:18 < Daviey> However, our LoCo has a larger geographical spread than some of the US (example) LoCo's making it more difficult
20:02:34 < popey> i dont think we can use that as a reason not to do stuff
20:02:39 < sheepeatingtaz> Daviey: maybe more difficult to get together
20:02:45 < Daviey> no, i'm not saying that
20:02:47 < popey> we are nowhere near as large as many other countries
20:02:47 < sheepeatingtaz> but not to do *something*
20:02:49 < popey> france?
20:03:03 < ProfFalken> Daviey: if we could put together a "resource pack" for other groups to use on SFD should they wish, then I think that would be a 
                       start?
20:03:09 < Daviey> What i am saying is better support LoCo members to do a LUG  /regional one
20:03:20 < Ging> they have much better trains than us in france
20:03:21 < popey> as opposed to a national event?
20:03:25 < Daviey> ie, more local LUG members than spread out LoCo members
20:03:30 < Daviey> Well hwo can it be national?
20:03:40 < gord> i don't really get the point of this, its not like anyone is saying that the loco is barred from doing anything. if people from the loco 
                 want to get together to do something, great! if people from the loco want to get together with their LUG and do something, great! its not 
                 like the loco can choose for us
20:03:51 < popey> indeed
20:04:00 < Daviey> I would suggest we provide better literature and CD's (maybe) to LoCo members for regional SFD's
20:04:06 < popey> just because something happens in bracknell, doesn't stop it being a national event
20:04:23 < ProfFalken> resource pack could include CDs, Flyers, Stickers etc that are Ubuntu-UK orientated but underpin SFD's principles
20:04:31 < Daviey> ^ +1
20:04:34 < gLAsgowMonkey> Daviey I don't think we have a clear contact for requesting this
20:04:46 < popey> requesting what?
20:04:54 < gord> yeah it would be great if we could set up some sort of pack that (pdfs, that kinda thing) that people could use, offical ubuntu-uk software 
                 freedom day literature
20:04:55 < gLAsgowMonkey> media, stickers
20:05:06 < popey> gLAsgowMonkey: i thought ProfFalken was propsing we create it
20:05:15  * Daviey also
20:05:43 < gLAsgowMonkey> popey: yes but a pack but at present there is no clear contact for "stuff"
20:05:51 < Daviey> we have no "stuff" :)
20:05:59 < gLAsgowMonkey> so having a pack is not much use unless requests are funnelled
20:06:00 < MooDoo> and Daviey is the poc :)
20:06:00 < ProfFalken> popey: correct (although I'm sure someone could poke Jono and see what he can provide?)
20:06:05 < Daviey> CD's sure, but adhoc from shipit is often easier
20:06:13 < popey> we can get conference packs from canonical
20:06:20 < popey> i have done for Alan when he runs the SFD in Bracknell
20:06:33 < popey> providing t-shirts, caps, CDs, stickers
20:06:42 < popey> we could improve / add-to that
20:06:46 < gord> we don't need to provide CD's or really anything else generic. we need to provide UK specific stuff surely? people can get the other stuff 
                 themself?
20:07:03 < Daviey> I was about to say, you don't get enough - so we should look at making ther eown
20:07:08  * Daviey points towards the French LoCo's mugs
20:07:08 < popey> we can get the CDs gord that's not a problem, and Alan Cocks has created some leaflets
20:07:18 < Daviey> However, then we get down the £££ disucssion
20:07:44  * ProfFalken wonders if the material already exists on various people's HDDs and just needs collating...
20:07:44 < gLAsgowMonkey> so we get any help from canonical
20:07:54 < popey> gLAsgowMonkey: we do get some yes
20:07:56 < gLAsgowMonkey> I mean marketing and promotion
20:08:01 -!- windmill [n=windmill@cpc1-cmbg9-0-0-cust52.cmbg.cable.ntl.com] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:08:15 < Daviey> gLAsgowMonkey: Not as much as would be required
20:08:45 < Daviey> So the LoCo marketting department should be repushed :)
20:08:46 < gLAsgowMonkey> I understand it's a finite resource
20:09:11 < Daviey> okay, can we try and bring this point to a head?
20:09:12 < popey> what if we tied the bbq/hackfest up with something like SFD, rather than have multiple events through the year with low turnout, throw all 
                  our eggs at that one event?
20:09:18 < gLAsgowMonkey> Daviey: I think so, but in turn we *may* need some help
20:09:20 < ProfFalken> popey: :o)
20:09:23 < popey> given SFD is on a saturday
20:09:39 < brobostigon> popey: good idea
20:09:41 < MooDoo> why not just make it a bring a bottle, burger and distro day :)
20:09:42 < Daviey> popey: that is certainlly an idea
20:09:47 < Ging> what is SFD ?
20:09:50 < gord> careful, we might end up with egg on our faces... actually i agree but puns are fun.
20:09:53 < Daviey> software freedom day
20:09:55 < ProfFalken> MooDoo: lol, sounds great
20:09:57 < webpigeon> Ging, http://softwarefreedomday.org/
20:10:07 < daubers> Uhhh... is being in a field in september a good idea?
20:10:15 < daubers> it has a tendency to be fairly damp
20:10:16 < Daviey> okay, this point needs further discussion - and a thread would be excellant
20:10:17 < kalessin1> duabers: good point
20:10:22 < Daviey> popey: can you do that one?
20:10:26 < popey> yes
20:10:36 < Daviey> cool, lets move on
20:10:44 < Daviey> anything else for 2009 direction?
20:10:49 < popey> more contribution!
20:10:58 < MooDoo> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UKTeam/IdeasPool
20:11:00 < popey> we need to be more active at doing bugs / launchpad answers / forums etc
20:11:02 < daubers> popey: Wasn't there some event happening in Farnborough?
20:11:13 < popey> daubers: yeah, not heard back yet, supposed to be early august
20:11:25 < daubers> ok
20:11:34 < Daviey> The UK is doing "pretty" well for 5-a-day
20:11:59 < Daviey> With the current stats, i can't see a reason the UK couldn't be #1 for a team effort
20:11:59 < MooDoo> Daviey: is there a select few or is it all across the board?
20:11:59 < popey> only as individuals
20:12:02  * sheepeatingtaz needs to read up on 5 a day
20:12:05 < popey> there is no concerted effort
20:12:17 < popey> we dont pimp is on the list
20:12:19 < Daviey> txwikinger is doing really well IIRC
20:12:21 < popey> we dont pimp the stats for example
20:12:22 < Daviey> and james_w
20:12:34 < popey> i was thinking more of non-canonical people :)
20:12:34 < Laney> I never submit to it ¬_¬
20:12:36  * Laney is naughty
20:12:38 < daubers> How long does the 5-a day take? half an hour?
20:12:39 < txwikinger> o/ Daviey
20:13:07 < Daviey> daubers: i'm not the best person to ask tbh - my 5-a-day isn't quite 5-a-day :)
20:13:15 < gord> I do the answer tracker when i can, but that doesn't get as much kudos, it can also use peoples support
20:13:16 < Daviey> txwikinger: \o
20:13:18  * ProfFalken is going self-employed this month and hopes to be able to add to launchpad soon...
20:14:01 < Daviey> How can the LoCo try and get people more into 5-a-day and LP answers?
20:14:02 < popey> so basically I'd like to see us have a co-ordinated effort towards contribution in our team
20:14:02 < webpigeon> "We are currently planning our presence at LugRadioLive2008." -.-
20:14:12 < popey> webpigeon: edit it
20:14:22 < webpigeon> popey, I will do :P
20:14:31 < james_w> we could run some sessions on how to get started with 5-a-day, answers, etc.
20:14:39 < Daviey> james_w: online or RL?
20:14:52 < popey> that leads nicely onto the subject of bug jam really?
20:14:55 < james_w> Daviey: either would work, but I was thinking online
20:14:57 < ProfFalken> Daviey: either - I really don't know where to start... :o(
20:15:00 < james_w> we can do RL ones at the bug jam
20:15:06 < gLAsgowMonkey> we could tie that in with a "how to file a bug report" and related topics
20:15:07 < Daviey> woot!
20:15:23 < Daviey> Shall we move onto the topic of "Bug Jam"?
20:15:24 < gord> How can you have a co-ordinated effort? I mean maybe we could have a bot use the LP api to print out the highest rollers on 5aday and such 
                 but apart from that i don't really see how
20:15:52 < james_w> the classroom team would certainly appreciate any sessions we can run
20:15:58 < popey> gord: talking about it helps
20:16:24 < Daviey> agreed.
20:16:44 < popey> Daviey: we could do a talk at the LUG about it?
20:16:45 < Daviey> The global bug jam is soon, and that could be something we do - lessons in RL?
20:17:21 < popey> As I said on the mailing list I'd be happy to host a Bug Jam event here at my place
20:17:24 -!- Alasdair_ [n=alasdair@82-69-89-122.dsl.in-addr.zen.co.uk] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:17:32 < technolalia> popey: where is your place?
20:17:34 < james_w> for the bug jam we could start off with an overview, and then "mentor" people as needed through the rest of the event
20:17:39 < popey> farnborough, hampshire
20:17:39 < Daviey> popey: Sure, i'm always twitchy about Ubuntu specific stuff asking for extra effort at a LUG.  The other disto'ers don't like it for some 
                   reason :S
20:17:45 < Daviey> But certainly a good idea
20:17:52 < popey> yeah, bar stewards
20:18:00 < popey> james_w: agreed
20:18:01 < `Chris> Daviey: I would love to participate in the bugjam, I've been trying to work out how to use the 5aday thing from D. Holbach. I'm kinda 
                   lost, where would the lessons be situated?
20:18:20 < james_w> I could probably get a venue in Bristol for the bug jam
20:18:23 < Daviey> `Chris: well what we are currently thinking both Online and somewhere rea life
20:18:24 < popey> I was thinking that at the bug jam we could have groups of people, some doing bugs, some doing launchpad answers, others learning..
20:18:34 < james_w> popey: good idea
20:18:34 < Daviey> popey has offered his gaff as a host
20:18:45 < ProfFalken> james_w: +1 for bristol, I'm in Monmouth
20:18:50 < popey> we should put a page up about venues
20:18:53 < Daviey> james_w: what sort of venue are you thinking?
20:18:59 < popey> how many people they can take, facilities etc
20:19:09  * `Chris is located in S. Wales, nothing over 100miles preferably :)
20:19:16 < technolalia> I could contact the University of Westminster, as used by GLLUG
20:19:21 < Daviey> we could certainly have >1 venue- but it would be a shame to split the experts too much - especailly two in southern england
20:19:24 < popey> that would be cool technolalia
20:19:31 < popey> Daviey: i disagree
20:19:33 < `Chris> How far away (in time) is the bugjam?
20:19:38 < popey> i think we _should_ split the experts up
20:19:44 < popey> divide and conquer
20:19:49 < Daviey> popey: two venues in southern england?
20:19:52 < andylockran> howdy
20:19:56 < james_w> Daviey: there's a couple of caffs, but you obviously have to keep buying things. There's an independenct cinema, the center used my 
                    Bristol wireless, the uni, a couple of other places.
20:19:57  * Daviey considers Bristol and Farn' quite close together
20:20:12 < james_w> Daviey: I've not done much research, but there must be somewhere.
20:20:14 < Daviey> andylockran: o/
20:20:30 < james_w> I'm more than happy to go to popey's, I just wanted to provide him with an alternative.
20:20:31 < popey> how about we ask people to go forth and find locations - promptly
20:20:31  * sheepeatingtaz would offer his house, but a) it's small, and b) it's in the north :)
20:20:37  * andylockran is just catching up on your conversation..
20:20:43 < Laney> The London one sounds like the best option to me
20:20:52 < popey> and come back in 1-2 weekas
20:20:52 < ProfFalken> Daviey: ??? Bristol is 45 minutes from my house, farnborough is 2.5 hrs...
20:21:06 < Daviey> okay, james_w can you hit the mailing list - asking for people to find location and add them to the wiki?
20:21:13 < popey> lets not start getting into location arguments :)
20:21:17 < james_w> Daviey: yes sir!
20:21:21 < popey> lets just all start finding decent places and pitch them :)
20:21:23 < ProfFalken> james_w: st. werbs would be good...
20:21:42 < `Chris> I have a few decent places around S. Wales thanks to the SWLUG but no-one is from around here, is there?
20:21:48 < kalessin1> ProfFalken: I second that
20:21:51 < popey> yeah, a wiki page detailing the basics of a location would be good
20:21:58 -!- jono_ [n=jono@c-76-103-107-234.hsd1.ca.comcast.net] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:21:59 < brobostigon> good idea popey
20:22:01 < ProfFalken> `Chris: I'm in Monmouth...
20:22:09 < Daviey> ---> moving on
20:22:11 < ProfFalken> but SWLUG covers a fscking huge area...
20:22:12 < gLAsgowMonkey> can we move on please
20:22:26 < technolalia> Chris: I have family in Swansea
20:22:35 < Daviey> okay, we also need to gauage attendance at A or multiple venus
20:22:52 < Daviey> we'll do this in a future meeting + mailing list + wiki (or similar page)
20:22:57 < brobostigon> or even alternative venues
20:23:02 < popey> yeah, it might actually make sense to have multiple (even in the south) as some people are not willing to travel far or have low budgets
20:23:08 < popey> when is the bug jam?
20:23:17 < popey> its not long
20:23:23 < james_w> end of Feb
20:23:27 < james_w> 20thish
20:23:32 < Daviey> sure, we'll need to do this "at large" - wiki showing locations and possible attendance of names
20:23:33 < popey> thats not long at all
20:23:42 < Daviey> but we can't do that directly in this meeting
20:23:45 < popey> I'd say we need to discuss this weekly as it's so soon
20:23:47 < Daviey> err does it clash with FOSDEM?
20:23:50 < popey> no
20:23:54 < popey> thats at the start of feb
20:24:01 < popey> 7/8
20:24:06 < Daviey> cool
20:24:22 < webpigeon> Do we know where everyone is?
20:24:25 < Daviey> Okay, i think we already have enough content for a meeting next week!
20:24:38 < popey> i think we should!
20:24:45 < brobostigon> yep
20:24:52 < Daviey> i think we should hit this topic on the mailing list, a formulate an attack plan next week
20:24:53 < popey> get this stuff all tidied up
20:25:29 < Daviey> But Bug Jam looks like it will happend, and sounds like it'll be successful!
20:25:32 < Daviey> (woot)
20:25:39 -!- jono_ is now known as jono
20:25:39 < Daviey> happen*
20:25:46 < popey> yay
20:25:54 < Daviey> okay, move on?
20:25:57 < popey> yeah
20:26:02 < `Chris> Last question!
20:26:07 < `Chris> Venues - We bring own laptops yeah?
20:26:08 < Daviey> `Chris: go
20:26:15 < Daviey> hell yeah :)
20:26:19 < `Chris> ok cool
20:26:31 < Daviey> Laney: next topic?
20:26:34 < popey> unless people have spare/extra ones
20:26:43 < Laney> MooDoo: Are you here?
20:26:46  * popey pokes MooDoo 
20:26:53 < MooDoo> PRESENT :)
20:27:03 < Laney> [topic] Free Media - MooDoo
20:27:04 < MootBot> New Topic:  Free Media - MooDoo
20:27:06 < Laney> take it away
20:27:32 < MooDoo> ok my idea is a simple one, create a group of individuals who would at a request ship ubuntu media - 
                   https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UKTeam/IdeasPool/Free_Media
20:27:42 < MooDoo> our own volunteer version of shipit :)
20:28:14 < Daviey> MooDoo: would it offer more than shipit?
20:28:29 < `Chris> Daviey: I assume faster delivery times is a bonus
20:28:36 < brobostigon> MooDoo: do you envision small amounts, or the large amounts lugs and those kind of people would need?
20:28:42 < MooDoo> Daviey: depends on the individual, as cost would be a factor
20:29:06 < MooDoo> brobostigon: i'm really thinking low volume, as it's voluteer based.
20:29:16 < sheepeatingtaz> I can't see that there would be a huge demand
20:29:19 < Daviey> Sounds like a worthy idea
20:29:20 < popey> worth noting that the loco team leader can order a large number of CDs, and could distribute them somehow
20:29:24 < brobostigon> so 5 or less?
20:29:30 < gord> I'm not sure how much need there is for this, its not like the mailing list is full of people requesting cd's or anything and surely if 
                 someone requested on the mailing list now someone would be kind enough?
20:29:44 < popey> I suspect it's more useful for people outside the UK
20:30:01 < sheepeatingtaz> In which case, probably won't be much quicker than shipit?
20:30:07 < MooDoo> brobostigon: depends on the person, how much they want to spend on cd's and postag,
20:30:09 < popey> we (loco council) have already been asked if it's possible for other LoCos to send them (in Africa) some CDs or a hard disk containing a 
                  copy of the current repo
20:30:31 < brobostigon> MooDoo: and ofcourse a donation if its a larger amount?
20:30:31  * ProfFalken used shippit a while back.  it took nearly six weeks for the CDs to arrive...
20:30:33 < MooDoo> sheepeatingtaz: shipit sends next day?
20:30:38 < popey> someone asked me on irc a while ago where they could get some CDs and I posted some to them
20:30:52 < MooDoo> popey: that's exactly what i'm on about.
20:31:00 < MooDoo> a form on the wiki for instance
20:31:06 < popey> i just put them in a jiffy bag and posted them - didnt cost much
20:31:07 < sheepeatingtaz> MooDoo: not sure, last time I ordered from shipit, I got within a week or so
20:31:13 -!- sam___ [n=Sami__@e81-197-69-201.elisa-laajakaista.fi] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:31:14 < MooDoo> the details would be sorted later.
20:31:15 < popey> sheepeatingtaz: thats rare
20:31:27 < kalessin1> one problem
20:31:30 < sheepeatingtaz> popey: last time, good couple of years ago...
20:31:40 < MooDoo> kalessin1: go :)
20:31:41 < gLAsgowMonkey> would it be possible to shit some boxes of branded cd's to these volunteers
20:31:44 < popey> maybe we could improve the system we have already?
20:31:49 < popey> I have 100 or so CDs here
20:31:56 < kalessin1> anyone looking for media would probably find shipit long before this
20:31:59 < Daviey> gLAsgowMonkey: i guess you mean ship* :)
20:32:03 < ProfFalken> gLAsgowMonkey: may I suggest s/shit/shift ?
20:32:05 < ProfFalken> :oP
20:32:06 < gLAsgowMonkey> haha
20:32:09 < MooDoo> kalessin1: it's in addition not a replacement
20:32:21 < gLAsgowMonkey> it's the aspire keyboard honest
20:32:24 < gord> there are resellers that will send you ubuntu cd's for like a pound as well, quickly
20:32:41 < MooDoo> gord: i'd do it free if it got ubuntu out there.
20:32:47 < ProfFalken> does anyone know where ship-it is based location wise? is there a ship-it depot in the UK?
20:32:55 < popey> holland
20:33:11 < Daviey> Something that could be a concern - what if demand for this is huge, and we can't keep up at all?
20:33:23 < gord> its not the cost that i'm going on about, im just not sure if there is a need
20:33:24 < MooDoo> Daviey: disclaimers
20:33:44 < popey> it comes on the cover of linux format regularly
20:33:51 < ProfFalken> ok, so is it worth talking to canonical and see if there can be a few volunteers in the UK that hold a stock of CDs and post out 
                       requests to the the UK from the UK under the shipit "brand"?
20:33:53 < MooDoo> it's only volunteer based, i'd have no problem posting a cd to someone free if they requested it
20:33:56 < `Chris> gord: I often need to use shipit, since my internet is rather slow and my burner is messed up to say the least
20:34:08 < popey> ProfFalken: i do have some stock
20:34:17 < popey> this is what I've been saying for the last 10 mins :)
20:34:24 < popey> the loco team leader gets to order in bulk
20:34:30  * Daviey has an amount, not sure how many
20:34:36 < popey> I ordered and got some intrepid CDs very soon after release
20:34:41 < popey> I received about 350 of them
20:34:48 < brobostigon> wow
20:35:14 < popey> some have gone to events, others I have posted out, others I have given to people running events (like Alan Cocks at SFD)
20:35:14 < MooDoo> well there is a wiki page on the idea, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UKTeam/IdeasPool/Free_Media :)
20:35:26 < andylockran> other thing is whether should send the LTS releases, or any release ?
20:35:40 < Daviey> LTS or latest IMO
20:35:48 < brobostigon> andylockran: u would be happier with just LTS
20:35:52 < MooDoo> andylockran: you would as a volunteer let people know what you're willing to send out....you may have all versions
20:35:53 < brobostigon> i *
20:35:55  * franki^ loves LTS <3
20:36:07 < popey> i still have some LTS ones that have the ssh vuln on!
20:36:09 < `Chris> Same as Daviey however, there are some who would need LTS since they just want a stable distro without the need for major updating
20:36:10 < popey> nobody wants them
20:36:11  * ProfFalken proposes that we use the LoCo POC to order the CDs for a number of volunteers that then send them out to those that request them
20:36:24  * ProfFalken uses latest for desktop, LTS for server...
20:36:25 < popey> ProfFalken: who pays?
20:36:28 < Daviey> haha
20:36:37 < popey> I will happy post out the ones I have
20:36:40 < Daviey> ProfFalken: I won't be able to post multiple cd's per day :(
20:36:42 < popey> in batches of 5 for example
20:36:57 < MooDoo> i will happily pay for a box of cd's every few months for ubuntu cd's for requests.
20:37:04 < popey> i doubt you'd get that many requests Daviey
20:37:04 < `Chris> 5 is a moderate number but can be changed depending on the demand?
20:37:06  * ProfFalken realises that his proposal might not be such a good idea after all...
20:37:32 < popey> multiples of 5 keeps it easy, 5 keeps it cheap
20:37:41 < popey> you can post them in a "large letter" envelope
20:37:41 < Daviey> popey: This will be turning it from a LoCo team effort which MooDoo is suggesting, to the PoC / Leaders responsibility
20:37:43 < popey> for low cost
20:37:49 < popey> not entirely Daviey
20:38:00 < MooDoo> i'm thinking that someone emails a form, the form details get posted to a page and a volunteer see it and makes it as "i'll send that"
20:38:06 < popey> if you got 350 from canonical, and then give them out in batches of 50, then they gave them out in batches of 10 etc
20:38:17 < popey> then it's only a little initial work for you
20:38:20 < Daviey> ahh, this isn't what ProfFalken suggested :)
20:38:28 < popey> oh yeah
20:38:33 < `Chris> Ideas can evolve :)
20:38:34 < popey> but you would only do it right when they arrive
20:38:51 < Daviey> sounds promising
20:38:52 < popey> thats 7 parcels once every 6 months
20:38:54 < popey> maybe twice
20:38:56 < popey> no more
20:39:12 < popey> I would happily kick the ball off by packaging up the ones I have
20:39:19 < Daviey> however, is it any more benefical than the volunteer ordering 10 fromshipit and just holding them for requests?
20:39:19 < popey> and sending them to 2 or 3 people to then pass out
20:39:34 < popey> that I am unsure of
20:39:39 < popey> but you get them faster than anyone else
20:39:41 < MooDoo> Daviey: i've only been able to order 1 at a time
20:39:48 < popey> I got intrepid CDs _real_ quick after release
20:39:49 < Daviey> oh
20:39:58 < `Chris> With shipit, you need to order 1 at a time, unless you want delays and having to explain yourself to Canonical
20:40:09  * Daviey glares at jono :)
20:40:12 < popey> date on the box is 4/11/08
20:40:16 < popey> when did intrepid release?
20:40:18 < popey> 25/10?
20:40:24 < jono> hey Daviey :)
20:40:26 < Daviey> yeah that is quick
20:40:34 < popey> he's had his coffee
20:40:38 < jono> hehe
20:40:42 < jono> hows thing chaps?
20:40:44 < jono> things
20:40:44 < Daviey> jono: didn't expect you to be here
20:40:54 < jono> Daviey, :)
20:40:56 < Daviey> jono: just having a LoCo meeting
20:40:57 < jono> just working
20:41:00 < jono> oh nice :)
20:41:16 < popey> i would say I've got about 100 or so CDs left
20:41:24 < Daviey> talking about direction, bug jam and helping shipit from a volunteer idea
20:41:27 < Daviey> jono: ^
20:41:28 < popey> mostly desktop, some server some kubuntu
20:41:42  * Daviey has far too many server ones
20:42:02 < jono> Daviey, cool :)
20:42:20 < popey> shame they dont make the 64-bit desktop ones any more :(
20:42:25 < Daviey> okay, do people think this will really help Ubuntu 'get out there'?
20:42:26 < MooDoo> i would like a box of 100 desktop cd's then when someone wants a copy from a form [or similar] on the ubuntu-uk site, can post it to 
                   them....simple as  :)
20:42:27 < popey> seems shortsighted to me
20:42:34 -!- Pierz [n=piers@78-86-165-113.zone2.bethere.co.uk] has quit [Remote closed the connection]
20:42:47 < gord> you really think you'll get though 100 cd's in 6 months?
20:42:53 < popey> yes gord
20:42:58 < popey> i get throughj 300 or so
20:43:04 < popey> events as well as postage
20:43:10 < MooDoo> gord: not the point, the point is that i can send a cd when someone wants them
20:43:22 < MooDoo> how many i have left is irrelevant
20:43:31 < popey> its a potential waste
20:43:44 < Nafallo> I bought 1GB usb sticks from the Canonical store and put intrepid on them... given one to my flatmate already :-)
20:43:46 < `Chris> Humanity to others I guess does include environmental effects too?
20:43:48 < popey> as are the ones sat on the floor next to me if nobody orders them by april
20:43:48 < Daviey> ofc, we have to justify using them efficently
20:44:03 < gord> y'know you can get 4gb usb sticks from the canonical store with ubuntu pre-loaded onto them Nafallo
20:44:16 < `Chris> Nafallo: Only £2 extra
20:44:31 < Nafallo> gord: doesn't look as good and neat IMO :-)
20:44:38 < Daviey> okaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay, who would volunteer to do this?
20:44:45 < Daviey> MooDoo
20:44:53 -!- Pierz [n=piers@78-86-165-113.zone2.bethere.co.uk] has joined #ubuntu-uk
20:44:55 < Nafallo> also, the 1GB ones are on special pricing at the moment ;-)
20:45:05 < MooDoo> :)
20:45:07 < Daviey> Nafallo: (topic)
20:45:09 < brobostigon> popey: well any fairly recent cds, that nobody wants anymore, i am happy to take of anyoes hands, and try to distribute and market.
20:45:20 < popey> ok
20:45:21 < popey> tell you what
20:45:30 < popey> I'll mail the list and let people know how many I have left
20:45:31 < Daviey> chaps... can we close this topic first?
20:45:35 < popey> i am
20:45:44 < popey> trying to :)
20:45:49 < popey> and we will see what the demand is?
20:45:53 < brobostigon> ok popey :) good idea
20:45:54 < Daviey> oh, very trying as ever popey :)
20:45:59 < popey> I will post them out in batches of 5/10 or whatever
20:46:16 < popey> and if there is sufficient demand than kick MooDoo into action and Daviey can order another box and jono can okay it :)
20:46:31 < Daviey> sounds suitable to me :)
20:46:32 < popey> Epic \/\/in
20:46:35 < Daviey> can we all go home now?
20:46:37 < Daviey> :)
20:46:55 < daubers> Daviey: Don't we need an aob?
20:46:56 < popey> MooDoo: sound fair?
20:47:09 < Daviey> daubers: yep, and plan next meeting
20:47:12 < MooDoo> popey: +1 :)
20:47:16 < popey> and action points from this one :)
20:47:28 < brobostigon> :)
20:47:43 -!- Pierz [n=piers@78-86-165-113.zone2.bethere.co.uk] has quit [Remote closed the connection]
20:47:44 < popey> i propose the next meeting for Wednesday 15th Jan @ 19:30
20:47:48 < Daviey> okay, topic shift - Laney :)
20:47:58 < Laney> that's it
20:48:01 < Daviey> erm
20:48:01 < Laney> [topic] AOB
20:48:02 < MootBot> New Topic:  AOB
20:48:21 < webpigeon> AOB?
20:48:23 < Daviey> nothing from me :)
20:48:26 < andylockran> Any Other Business
20:48:27 < Daviey> Any other Biz
20:48:33 < webpigeon> ah :)
20:48:38 < gLAsgowMonkey> AOCB
20:48:38 < technolalia> fosdem: who's going?
20:48:48 < popey> o/ possibly
20:48:49 < Daviey> most likely  o/
20:48:56 < technolalia> definately - all booked
20:49:06 < Daviey> technolalia: eurotunnel?
20:49:08 < technolalia> there will be an ubuntu stall of some sort there, I've heard
20:49:08 < franki^> what is fosdem? :)
20:49:15 < popey> http://fosdem.org/
20:49:16 < MootBot> LINK received:  http://fosdem.org/
20:49:16 < Daviey> technolalia: there normally is
20:49:18 < popey> conference brussels
20:49:26 < james_w> o/
20:49:30 < technolalia> and various people from other loco teams are planning to attend
20:49:44 < technolalia> yes, eurotunnel
20:50:06 < Daviey> good -o
20:50:13 < Daviey> any other AOB?
20:50:27 < MooDoo> sorry chaps, got to go, baby calling......
20:50:33 < Daviey> great, Laney topic shift - next meeting
20:50:34 < Laney> going, going
20:50:36 < popey> can i ask that whoever puts the info on the wiki - can then outline the action items?
20:50:39 < Laney> [topic] next meeting
20:50:40 < MootBot> New Topic:  next meeting
20:50:44 -!- MooDoo [n=paulmell@cpc2-mapp2-0-0-cust80.nott.cable.ntl.com] has left #ubuntu-uk []
20:50:45 < popey> so we know exactly whats happening?
20:50:54 < popey> 20:47:44 < popey> i propose the next meeting for Wednesday 15th Jan @ 19:30
20:51:00 < Daviey> popey: sounds like the chair'sjob :)
20:51:10  * popey nudges Laney :)
20:51:12 < `Chris> By the next meeting, find Bugjam venues?
20:51:13 < Laney> rofl
20:51:22 < `Chris> Especially find out about Wifi access? D:
20:51:33 < Laney> yes, that sounds like a fine date
20:51:39 < ProfFalken> popey: Weds 14th or Thurs 15th? ;o)
20:51:46 < Daviey> i might suggest next Sunday might be long enough for the mailing list threads to get moving
20:51:49 < brobostigon> i am happy with the 15th
20:51:50 < popey> stupid kde calendar
20:51:56 < popey> wednesday 14th!
20:51:59 < Laney> If people can post their threads in the next couple of days
20:52:20 < popey> ok
20:52:29 < daubers> I won't have any interwebs for the next week, but will try and attend through other means
20:52:36 < popey> next sunday is good by me too
20:52:40 < popey> quicker the better IMO
20:52:47 < gLAsgowMonkey> +1 for Sunday
20:52:50 < popey> +1
20:52:52 < Laney> one week from today?
20:52:53 < Daviey> +1 Sunday
20:52:54 < ProfFalken> +1
20:52:55 < `Chris> +1 Wednesday
20:52:55 < Daviey> yes
20:53:23 < Laney> done
20:53:25 < Daviey> okay, indifference prevails :)
20:53:27 < popey> \o/
20:53:30 < popey> wooot
20:53:31 < Laney> thanks for attending all
20:53:38 < Laney> #endmeeting
20:53:38 < MootBot> Meeting finished at 14:53.

